# CS-250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
To interpret user needs we can do a system analysis by asking for feedback from past users and updating the modifications in the code. The inputs and outputs for this should be identified when doing this as well. By using user stories it gives a perspective from the end user and details what a customer might see and need in the program. It creates requirement descriptions so everyone understand what needs to be done in plain english. One thing that helps when interpreting user needs is face to face time. Many things can get lost in translation through email. This is where face to face and programs like Discord help because everyone can share their questions, answers, and opinions in real time. By having intuition we can try to figure out the intention behind the demands such as improve productivity, bridge the communication gap, and any other needs the user might have. 
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
To approach developing programs I would start with the agile phases. I would start with the planning phase and get all of the details I would need in order to get a big picture view of what needs to happen. I would create templates as well as drawings and mock ui designs to roughly show what the finished product should look like. I would then start getting a team together and assigning different jobs as well as explain the overall project. I would do daily scrum meetings and talk about each sprint and give expecations as well as timelines. Then I would start developing the product and have testers doing as much as they can as early as they can to give feedback to everyone. I would make sure that everyone stays on the same page and that any delays or changes in the programming are taken care of appropriately. When the developement is done I would make sure all of the details in the program were up to the clients expectations and then release the program for use. After the program is released I would have user feedback and keep developers on stand by to change anything that might need tweaking such as bugs. After working with scrum I would try to use other processes in the future such as Crystal, Extreme Programming, and others so I could tailor what I need to what the scope of the project is and requires.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member starts with communication. Having good communication can make or break software development because everyone involved needs to know if something is going well or not, and also if there are added requirements that the client might have given. Having product knowledge and technical expertise is also essential to have to the developement team can write a smoothe and useful program without bugs and errors. Having this knowledge also helps add things that the client might not have thought of. If you have good teamwork then its easy for people to give their honest opinions and not feel uneasy when they do so. It also helps with communication and lets people play off of each others strengths. And finally organization is crucial because of how programs needs to be developed if you are not organized then things will be forgotten and lost during each of the sprints as well as mess up the backlog. 
